ZIZO. ZIZO. ZIZO.
Scent of rot and shit; my feet find fetid ground. A corpse- I am living on a corpse. And then the world is normal again.
The Holy Ecclesial is a splinter of the Holy See, formed during the great schism. They worship the Four Ascendants as true divinity.
PSYDON yet lives. PSYDON yet ENDURES.
Dae is far less dangerous than Night; Astrata-Noc’s gaze is far more searing to all forms of evils in a direct burn.
Worshippers of the Ascendants are fools hellbent on dooming our world, and must be corrected or destroyed.
Worshippers of the Ten are fools hellbent on dooming our world, and must be corrected or destroyed.
Worshippers of the One are fools hellbent on dooming our world, and must be corrected or destroyed.
The Ten are less responsive to prayer than the Ascendant. This, however, is simply a test of faith.
Someone of nobleblood has higher standards when eatting - a table helps, but gruel will always be gruel.
You can jump further by getting a running start. Mind the overshoot.
The Empire of the Holy Celestia crumbled after the Archmage Zaelorian created a machine that...well. Death was not Her end.
A torch should be kept dry from the rain, and a blade sharp by way of grindstone or simply grinding a rock.
The key to a long life is knowing when to run.
Xylix's gift to mortals is the humble tarot deck, allowing them to divine the fates themselves.
Dendor burst from the feverishly-sleeping Abyssor's head, spilling life forth in a chaotic frenzy.
Challenging a Matthiosite is challenging a Ravoxian. Both fight for their deity; but both have very different senses of Justice.
Astrata-Noc is the Twinned God, a hermaphroditic creacher with two faces and four arms that shifts at dusk and dawn,
Necra, in the oldest tomes, is said to be a being older than Psydon. The Holy See itself calls this heresy.
Thousands of years ago, PSYDON sent down the COMET SYON to defeat the rampaging Archdevil, splitting himself into Ten.
Matthios stole Astrata's sacred flame and sold it to mortals, creating the first Transaction and flooding ontological reality with the fact of Wealth.
Necrans despise deadites and wish them exterminated or cured; Pestrans wish them cured, but think that pustules are neat!
The ten divines smile upon your prayers in front of a psycross, but never mention them the name of the Dark Shepherd.
Ravox stands for justice, not murder.
Malum used to carry a divine hammer that gave life to all material things Azure Peak was built upon. It is now lost to history.
Eora stands for far more than familial love- but frowns upon those who break matrimony.
Azure Peak used to belong to the once-great Celestial Empire, fractured by ZIZO's ambition and cunning.
Graggar was given power as Ravox's champion; and with it, he clawed a hole through the crumbling firmament to divinity.
For the entire world, the annihilation of an entire species was seen as a cataclysmic event that shook reality to its core. For Her, it was taking one step of many.
Zizo is nothing but a name to masquerade Her identity. To make Her feel like a fairy tale. If they learned that Zaelarion was a mere mortal as well, they'd no longer pray to the Ten.
Gaze upon the works of PSYDONIA, ye mighty, and weep!
The year is 1513, and it is the end of the world. Will there be a new one?
THE FIRE IS GONE.
LOOK UP TO PEOPLE WHO ARE GOOD AT VIOLENCE; THEY CARRY WILL OF GODS AND RECIEVE PUNISHMENT OF HELL BEYOND HELLS.
There was a Cabaret, and there was a Master of Ceremonies, and there was a town called Azure Peak, in the Duchy of Azure, and it was the end of the world.
Psydon wielded a comet capable of rending all the enemies of humanity apart; oh, how graceful His power was! And His sacrifice, ever so noble! Yet now He slumbers, unaware of the fruits His efforts came to give. And He sighs. And He weeps.
The Ten will have you think He is powerless, and the Four that he is dead; but all He asks of you is for your faith to ENDURE.
DAYS SINCE LAST CHURCH SCISM: ZERO
The powerful nation of Otava is home to a radical denomination that venerates PSYDON above all, seeing the TEN as mere fragments of True Divinity. Azure Peak is home to a small enclave of this Psydonian Order.
I AM OLDER THAN AEON. I AM SIN, FATHER OF LIES. I HAVE GONE BY MANY NAMES. SAY THEM AND WEEP, FOR I AM ALL THAT THEY ARE.
Rot piled up to my feet, smell of death, quietly-crept decay from the weeping Godhead 'neath I.
It's a good idea to bandage and suture arterial wounds as soon as possible. Death happens slowly, and then all at once.
Gripping bleeding bodyparts makes them bleed slower.
The Sovereignty of Otava is a cold, wet country, home to the best stoneworkers on Psydonia. The gigantic towers of the Grand Cathedral in the capital stand as the seat of the Otavan Inquisition. 
Jackberries are common forage, plentiful week by week. The the variety and color changes each season, though, but you can trust a color until the next bloom. The other, though, is a deadly poison...
Broken armor might as well not exist. Ensure it is repaired; leather and textiles can be mended with stitchwork, while metal needs to be reformed by a smith's hammer.
You can Bite a source of water to drink from it. Just don't chew on it.
Dodging is more exhausting then parrying, but the latter damages your gear. You can only dodge reliably when you're nimble and free of weight, however, and you can only focus on one or the other.
There is a Wiki, a link of which can be found in the OOC tab. It has recipes! And world information!
When the week seems long and gray, you can always leave the Duchy on the roads illuminated in yellow. They can be found on the north and south roads, and lets someone replace you.
If you Meditate on an inquiry, they say the voices of spirits beyond will help you. Or be a pest.
The rainwater collection barrels are there for you to clean yourself up in. The water of foul with the miasma of countless travelers, however.
The Merchant's Guild collects bounties on the heads of goblins. It's an incentive to cull the population, keeping their caravans safe for shipments too heavy for their balloons.
Some stones are possessed by some arcyne or fel force, a power aspiring mages can siphon from. They also hurt a lot more.
A SCOM is a device that will echo any message spoken directly into it across the land. If you're not next to another, though, it's not obvious when it works.
The HERMES is a mail service run from the steward's office. It can send letters and small parcels across the duchy.
A little rest can heal all wounds.
Take a moment to search your horizons by focusing on your Eye. A perceptive individual can find tracks - and traps.
Rustling grass attracts all sorts of ne'er-do-wells.
You can discover all sorts of information about your equipment and your very techniques if you examine them. An informed warrior is a surviving one.
You can rejuvenate the land by mixing bone, compost, and nightsoil into a mighty blend, making any ground florish.
The dead rise again. If you meet your doom outside of civilization you may join the legions of the rotten deadite, a shambler who wishes to bite and spread your foul disease. Fear not, it's a chance to be saved, too...
Foul nightbeasts not only are more powerful then the best of champions, but commonly can spread their disease with bites.
Adventurers are homeless wastrels who solve their economic woes with violence; they cannot be trusted.
Xylix's fortunes effect practically everything in your life. Raise your spirits, and Xylix will smile on you. Let yourself be miserable, and misery will follow your aspirations.
Do not waste your kills; butcher beasts with a knife, starting from the Middle. Wolves want to tear you limb from limb, you might as well do the same and fill your coinpurse.
The Ducal treasurary acrues interest based on the value of items in the vault, particularly treasures. A merchant is only concerned for the immediate selling price, but royalty may buy for more thinking of the longterm.
